What do I have to say to you?
Waste of tongue
The investor was snatched away by Wang Lei
We must have lost
It's not as bad as you think
We still have a chance
Why do you say
Obviously the investor we worked hard to attract
In the end, the bamboo basket was empty
Made a wedding dress for someone else
Why did I believe Xu Zeyu's words, bastard?
If Wang Lei becomes my boss
How will I stay in the company in the future?
He won't let me go
Don't, don't, don't drink
You let me drink
Don't drink it
Don't worry, I will definitely help you.
How can you help me?
My dad is an investor
I'll call him.
I asked my dad to vote for this press conference
Don't worry, we must have played Wang Lei.
Really?
Ah!
I do not love you